Chicago Asian Women Empowerment

Chicago Asian Women Empowerment

Community Initiatives

We're always looking to pair our members with non-profits initiatives! If you are interested in working with our volunteers on a project, please reach out!

COMMUNITY PARTNERSHIPS-
10+ impactful and Community Projects

Incubated by and Executed with us



Each Miss Asian Chicago (formerly Miss Chinese Chicago) contestant drafts a year-long community service project plan. We work with them, one on one, to connect them with non-profit orgs in need of help or help them build a completely new idea and build the project plan. The goal is for the project to be meaningful to them and impactful to the community. Their project must meet the following evaluation criteria:
Passion - They must be passionate about the project

Due Diligence - They must have done their homework with the stakeholders, tools, impact, and agreements.
Execution - They must define relevant success criteria, ensure they personally have or have built/joined a team that has the skillset/experience to execute it, define a schedule with milestones, and secure any required budget.


The year following the pageant, we work with titleholders and whomever else is interested to execute their project. Many of them continue volunteering in the community beyond their defined year of service.

learn more about projects in progress

Community Healing

Xiao Lin Mei

2022 Miss Chinese Chicago Queen

Victoriously Vulnerable

victoria li

2022 Miss Chinese Chicago Second Princess & Talent

soccer & sewing

jean elliott

2022 Miss Chinese Chicago Congeniality

Speech Impediments & Art healing

mia hitterman

2022 Contestant & Miss Chinatown USA 2023 Community Serviceproject highlight

Jean Elliott - Sewing and Soccer

Empower the youth by teaching the youth how to play soccer and empower women by teaching them how to sew.

Raised $1500+ across 3 non-profits.

Volunteered 200+ hours since joining Miss Chinese Chicago.
Drafted and implemented a youth soccer program with the Chicago Dragons.
Led a sewing workshop with the youth at CMAA.
Led a AAPI Women Empowerment Series workshop on sewing.




"Since Miss Chinese Chicago’s inaugural pageant in 2018, we have seen many young women empowered to uplift the community through their individual platforms. We have had the pleasure and honor to work with the women of MCC who are passionate about youth development and have volunteered their time and effort to support our youth organization through direct service and fundraising. We are grateful to witness MCC’s commitment to developing a culture of service, positivity, and inclusivity."



- Sandy Ruan, Director of Strategic Initiatives, Project:VISIONlearn more about past Projects

non-verbal communication

ava gong

2022 Miss Chinese Chicago Contestant

Animal welfare

Natalie chin

2022 Miss Chinese Chicago First Princess

girls basketball & women power

pamela yuan

2019 Queen

accessible medicine

megan wu

2019 Miss Chinese Chicago First Princess

DEI in Advertising

jade lun

2019 Second Princess & Miss Chinatown USA 2020 Third Princess

Elderly welfare

Brittany Lau

2018 Miss Chinese Chicago Queen & Miss Chinatown USA 2019 Community Service & Congeniality

Youth education

jamie moy

2018 Miss Chinese Chicago First Princess & Miss Chinatown USA 2022 Second Princess