
Application is closed! We hope to see your application come in next year. 

Operated by 501c3 non-profit Chicago Asian Women Empowerment 

Policies

About

Contact

2023 Miss Asian Chicago Contestants

Contestants were randomly assigned a number. Their applications were reviewed and they were accepted on a rolling basis. Official photos will be uploaded later. Application is closed - we hope to see your application come in next year!

Operated by 501c3 non-profit Chicago Asian Women Empowerment 

Policies

About

Contact

Operated by 501c3 non-profit Chicago Asian Women Empowerment 

Policies

About

Contact

Operated by 501c3 non-profit Chicago Asian Women Empowerment 

Policies

About

Contact

Operated by 501c3 non-profit Chicago Asian Women Empowerment 

Policies

About

Contact

Operated by 501c3 non-profit Chicago Asian Women Empowerment 

Policies

About

Contact

Applicant FAQs

Operated by 501c3 non-profit Chicago Asian Women Empowerment 

Policies

About

Contact

2023 Miss Asian Chicago Contestants

Contestants were randomly assigned a number. Their applications were reviewed and they were accepted on a rolling basis. Official photos will be uploaded later. Application is closed - we hope to see your application come in next year!

Operated by 501c3 non-profit Chicago Asian Women Empowerment 

Policies

About

Contact

Miss Asian Chicago PoliciesLast Updated 12/06/2022We do not tolerate any form of disrespect, harassment, or assault.Should anyone be disrespectful or harass us, we reserve the right to use any means to remove this individual from the event or remove ourselves from any interaction with this individual.We reserve the right to refuse communication, photos, or any interaction with any individuals as we so deem necessary for our safety and well-being.We will not be required to provide our personal contact information. Any communication can be directed to missasianchicago@gmail.com.We will require any event that we attend on behalf of Miss Asian Chicago to agree to our code of conduct for anyone who interacts with our former or current contestants at their event.

Operated by 501c3 non-profit Chicago Asian Women Empowerment 

Policies

About

Contact

Miss Asian Chicago is a community and heritage pageant. We empower AAPI women who want to collectively grow and give back to the community in the process. Our pageant involves a holistic and rigorous training program that results in our annual pageant event. The resulting titleholders commit to a full year of community service and all members are part of our lifelong sisterhood.Miss Asian Chicago is operated by the 100% volunteer-run 501(c)3 non-profit Chicago Asian Women Empowerment. It was formerly Miss Chinese Chicago.

Miss Asian Chicago

Sisterhood We foster a supportive, empathetic sisterhood of AAPI women. The pageant is about the process and we encourage all of our members to lean on each other as sisters along the way.PlatformWe provide a physical and virtual platform for AAPI women to express their personal mission as well as their community mission. CommunityWe connect AAPI women to opportunities to be more engaged with the community, and we support them in executing a Community Platform Project that they’ve incubated with us. 

Message from the Founder and Producer - Victoria Ng 伍佩俐I used to be shy and unable to hold my own. I was lucky enough to have strong Asian female role models during my formative years. They helped me define my identity as a Chinese American woman and set an example of giving back. After being involved with the community since I was young, I’m now confident in my ability to influence others just as my mentors had impacted me.I hope to give other young women like myself the opportunity to have role models, guidance, mentorship, and training. I believe it’s crucial to have a set goal and a public presentation of the culmination of their hard work and learning experience. My answer to that was the Miss Chinese Chicago pageant, now Miss Asian Chicago.In 2011, at the age of 19, I competed in my first pageant in order to prove to myself that I could do it. After that, I was hooked. I competed in many pageants until 2017, and then officially retired from pageantry. Through the years, I’ve gained a set of pageant sisters, self-presentation skills, self-confidence, and a platform to give back to my community. I hope to give an even better opportunity to other young women in the community through the Miss Asian Chicago Community and Heritage Pageant (formerly Miss Chinese Chicago pageant).

Operated by 501c3 non-profit Chicago Asian Women Empowerment 

Policies

About

Contact

Contact us.Contestant FAQsmissasianchicago@gmail.com

Operated by 501c3 non-profit Chicago Asian Women Empowerment 

Policies

About

Contact
Chicago Asian Women Empowerment

who we are
We are a 501(c)3 non-profit organization with the mission to foster the next generation of female AAPI leaders in our community. We envision a community where competent, empowered, and abundance-oriented AAPI female leaders build solidarity with other BIPOC communities to collectively and strategically make opportunities accessible to everyone.


EMPOWER
AMPLIFY
BUILDempower

We provide one on one mentorship and group training

Our months-long pageant program provides the following workshops

Establishing and enforcing boundaries

Public speaking
Poise
Current events
AAPI history
Feminism (from an AAPI lens)
Group workouts

We foster a supportive space where they can empower each other

LEARN MORE ABOUT HOW WE FOSTER SISTERHOODamplify

HEAR OUR FEMALE VOICES
We are AAPI Women's biggest cheerleaders
They drive the conversations- The AAPI Women Empowerment Series workshops are completely driven by the women of our org - they choose the topics and we work with them to develop their workshop.

We highlight them on socials - We place them front and center on all our platforms.
We send them to other pageants - To further amplify their voices, we support them in larger-scale pageants.
We connect them with opportunities to expand their network and career.Build

We're active and reliable Community Members
We volunteer at fellow non-profit's events and host events throughout the year. In 2022 alone we volunteered for/hosted 60+ events. So far in 2023, we've already had 25 activities. We've volunteered with 23+ non-profits.

We incubate long-term Community Service Projects
We work with each pageant contestant to identify their passions and skillsets and then develop an impactful year-long community service project. We also work with them to execute it.

COMMUNITY INITIATIVES

COMMUNITY
PARTNERSHIPSChicago Asian Women Empowerment

Chicago Asian Women Empowerment

Community Initiatives

We're always looking to pair our members with non-profits initiatives! If you are interested in working with our volunteers on a project, please reach out!

COMMUNITY PARTNERSHIPS-
10+ impactful and Community Projects

Incubated by and Executed with us



Each Miss Asian Chicago (formerly Miss Chinese Chicago) contestant drafts a year-long community service project plan. We work with them, one on one, to connect them with non-profit orgs in need of help or help them build a completely new idea and build the project plan. The goal is for the project to be meaningful to them and impactful to the community. Their project must meet the following evaluation criteria:
Passion - They must be passionate about the project

Due Diligence - They must have done their homework with the stakeholders, tools, impact, and agreements.
Execution - They must define relevant success criteria, ensure they personally have or have built/joined a team that has the skillset/experience to execute it, define a schedule with milestones, and secure any required budget.


The year following the pageant, we work with titleholders and whomever else is interested to execute their project. Many of them continue volunteering in the community beyond their defined year of service.

learn more about projects in progress

Community Healing

Xiao Lin Mei

2022 Miss Chinese Chicago Queen

Victoriously Vulnerable

victoria li

2022 Miss Chinese Chicago Second Princess & Talent

soccer & sewing

jean elliott

2022 Miss Chinese Chicago Congeniality

Speech Impediments & Art healing

mia hitterman

2022 Contestant & Miss Chinatown USA 2023 Community Serviceproject highlight

Jean Elliott - Sewing and Soccer

Empower the youth by teaching the youth how to play soccer and empower women by teaching them how to sew.

Raised $1500+ across 3 non-profits.

Volunteered 200+ hours since joining Miss Chinese Chicago.
Drafted and implemented a youth soccer program with the Chicago Dragons.
Led a sewing workshop with the youth at CMAA.
Led a AAPI Women Empowerment Series workshop on sewing.




"Since Miss Chinese Chicago’s inaugural pageant in 2018, we have seen many young women empowered to uplift the community through their individual platforms. We have had the pleasure and honor to work with the women of MCC who are passionate about youth development and have volunteered their time and effort to support our youth organization through direct service and fundraising. We are grateful to witness MCC’s commitment to developing a culture of service, positivity, and inclusivity."



- Sandy Ruan, Director of Strategic Initiatives, Project:VISIONlearn more about past Projects

non-verbal communication

ava gong

2022 Miss Chinese Chicago Contestant

Animal welfare

Natalie chin

2022 Miss Chinese Chicago First Princess

girls basketball & women power

pamela yuan

2019 Queen

accessible medicine

megan wu

2019 Miss Chinese Chicago First Princess

DEI in Advertising

jade lun

2019 Second Princess & Miss Chinatown USA 2020 Third Princess

Elderly welfare

Brittany Lau

2018 Miss Chinese Chicago Queen & Miss Chinatown USA 2019 Community Service & Congeniality

Youth education

jamie moy

2018 Miss Chinese Chicago First Princess & Miss Chinatown USA 2022 Second PrincessChicago Asian Women Empowerment

Community partnerships

We're always looking to partner with other non-profits. Have a project or event you need support for? Please reach out!

COMMUNITY INITIATIVESQuick stats

-
$4000+

Raised for other Chicago non-profits
-
600+ group HRS

Volunteered by our members for other non-profits
-
23+ orgs

Supported through our volunteer work-
23+ Activities

Hosted/volunteered for in 2023 so far...

Jan 8 - Attended the NAAAP Book Club
Jan 11 - Attended the Chinatown LNY parade press conference
Jan 21 - Volunteered to perform in the CAMOC LNY Celebration (showcasing designs by our Miss Congeniality Jean Elliott)
Jan 28 [Event 1] - Volunteered at check-in at the CMAA LNY pre-parade luncheon
Jan 28 [Event 2] - Participated in the Uptown LNY Parade with Uptown United’s float
Jan 28 [Event 3] - Participated in the Navy Pier LNY Celebration
Jan 29 - Participated in the Chinatown LNY parade with CAMOC’s float
Feb 3 - Flew to San Francisco to support Mia Hitterman, our representative in Miss Chinatown USA
Feb 23 - Volunteered to present a mini fashion show in the AREAA Installation Gala (showcasing designs by our Miss Congeniality Jean Elliott)
Feb 26 - Volunteered to perform the Northbrook Cultural Fair
Mar 1 - Participated in the PBS POV Engage “Wuhan Wuhan” Documentary roundtable discussion
Mar 8 - Hosted a Women Empowerment Series workshop on sewing
Mar 25 - Volunteered at the Gawad Kalinga Chicago ball
Apr 5 - Hosted a Women’s Basketball Workout Competition. Swish House X Chi-AWE MCC Playoffs
Apr 13 - Volunteered at CMAA’s annual gala
Apr 16 - Attended Somewhere in Between - a conversation with Chinese Adoptees
Apr 19 - Attended NAAAP Chicago’s Healthy Communication: Addressing Microaggresions and Ways to Empower Yourself Through Health Communication virtual workshop.
Apr 21 - Attended KANWIN’s virtual annual gala.
Apr 26 - Hosted a Women Empowerment Series workshop on Body Positivity.
May 2 - Attended Diversity in AAPI Data Webinar
May 6 - Volunteered at the Apna Ghar gala
May 7 - Attended the APIDA Arts Festival Improv Workshop
May 21 - Had a booth at the 9-man volleyball tournament hosted by Chicago United.-
60 Activities

Hosted/volunteered for in 2022

Jan 30 (Event 1) - Attended the Asian Justice Rally
Jan 30 (Event 2) -Attended the Light Up Chinatown events

Feb 2 - Volunteered to perform at the CAMOC LNY Celebration

Feb 5 (Event 1) Volunteered at the Uptown LNY CMAA Pre-parade luncheon

Feb 5 (Event 2) Volunteered at the Uptown Parade

Feb 5 (Event 3) We volunteered at the Chinese Fine Arts Society’s Navy Pier LNY celebration

Feb 13 - Participated in the Chinatown LNY Parade

Feb 26 - Participated in the Miss Illinois Latina Red Carpet event

Feb 27 - Volunteered for the Miss Illinois Latina Pageant

Feb 28 - Attended the Asian American Journalist Association Grief and Healing for Asian American Women

Mar 6 - We had a group workout session

Mar 12 - We volunteered at the Asian American Coalition of Chicago LNY Celebration

Mar 16 - We organized the Justice for Asian Women Event in remembrance of the victims of the Atlanta Spa Shootings

Mar 19 - We wrote spring greetings cards for the elderly

Mar 26 - We volunteered with KACC at the Lincoln Park Food Pantry

April 6 - We volunteered at the CMAA 40th Anniversary Gala

April 9 - We volunteered with CMAA and Celebrate Argyle to clean up Uptown

April 22 - We volunteered for Celebrate Argyle for their 1 year anniversary

May 1 - We participated in the Maria Bonita Modeling Gala

May 14 - We attended the AACC AAPI Heritage Month Celebration

May 19 (Event 1) - We volunteered for the CBCAC gala

May 19 (Event 2) - We volunteered for the AREAA AAPI heritage month celebration

May 21 - We volunteered to pick up trash in Ping Tom Park

May 22 - We attended the 9-man volleyball showcase by Chicago United

Jun 2 - We had a group workout session at Row House

Jun 4 - We volunteered to record and emcee at the Chicago Dragons 50th Anniversary gala

Jun 18 (Event 1) - We volunteered with Just Roots to plant and harvest veggies for the St. James Food Pantry
Jun 18 (Event 2) - We volunteered to help setup and sell raffle tickets at the CAMOC Annual Fundraiser Gala
Jun 23 - We hosted the Vincent Chin 40th Anniversary event
Jun 25 - We fundraised for and paddled with the Project:VISION and CBCAC dragon boat team for the Chinatown dragon boat race
Jul 13 - We attended CBCAC’s first community meeting
Jul 18 - We ran the Virtual “We Run Chinatown” 5k
Jul 21 - We were the beneficiaries of the Dear Asian Americans Asian Night Market fundraiser
Jul 30 - We attended Day 1 of the Chinatown Summer Fair
Jul 31 - We volunteered to perform and emcee at day 2 of the Chinatown Summer Fair
Aug 3 - We volunteered to pack and hand out backpacks for CBCAC’s Back to School Event
Aug 6 - We ran in the Uptown 5k
Sept 8 - Attended the Miss Seniorita Cicero Pageant
Sept 10 (Event 1) - Attended the Mid Autumn Festival event in Chinatown Square
Sept 10 (Event 2) - Volunteered to perform in the CAMOC and CBCAC Mid Autumn Festival event at 31st Beach
Sept 15 - Attended the CASL Associate Board happy hour
Sept 16 - Attended the Mexican Independence Day Celebrations
Sept 17 - Attended the CAMOC and OCA Chicago hosted “Rising Against Asian Hate” Screening
Sept 20 - Created videos to encourage people to register to vote, submitted to CBCAC for re-sharing
Sept 22 - Attended the info session for the proposed Near South Side High School
Sept 24 - Attended the 312 Asian Night Market
Sept 29 - Attended the No 18 Bar virtual community discussion
Oct 7 - Attended the CBCAC hosted “Chinatown Rising” Screening
Oct 8 - Attended the Global Refugee Training Farm’s end of season concert
Oct 15 - Attended CBCAC’s “Shall We Dance?” Multicultural dance workshop
Oct 20 - Attended the Chinese American Bar Association’s Annual Gala
Oct 22 (Event 1) - Volunteered to cook and distributed food at the Lincoln Park Community Services Food Pantry
Oct 22 (Event 2) - Attended the Project:VISION Soiree fundraiser
Oct 26 - Hosted our first AAPI Women Empowerment Series Workshop about speech impediments and active listening
Nov 16 - Attended a virtual event by NAAAP about how food is healing
Nov 29 - Attended the Miss Asia NIU Pageant
Dec 9 - Volunteered at the Japan America Society of Chicago’s Annual Bonenkai and Holiday Party
Dec 14 - Purchased books for the kids of CMAA and wrapped them up!
Dec 17 - Hosted a women’s basketball workout competition in collaboration with Swish House
Dec 17 - Attended the Chicago Dragons Holiday PartyCommunity partnership highlight

Fundraisers for Project:VISION's 2019 Dragon Boat Race and 5kChicago Asian Women Empowerment

Chicago Asian Women Empowerment

Female voices

We're always looking for speaking opportunities! If you are seeking an emcee, a speaker, or you have an opportunity for us to have a booth, please reach out!

OUR MEMBERSJamie Moy
2018 Miss Chinese Chicago First Princess
2022 Miss Chinatown USA Second Princess

"Miss Chinese Chicago 2018 was the fourth pageant I competed in, and it was also the pageant that I witnessed myself grow the most. Because of our founder and producer Victoria Ng, I was able to get out of my comfort zone and be unapologetically myself. Before, I would always try to mold myself to be the "perfect Chinese woman" that society wanted me to be, but after training hours on end with Victoria, she made me realize that I felt the most beautiful and confident when I was myself.""What started as a challenge to push myself outside of my comfort zone became an avenue for me to gain both a sisterhood of strong and resilient women and a platform to empower Chinese individuals to better understand and manage their health. As a physician-in-training, this opportunity to engage with the Chinese community in a way that allows them to lead healthier lives is invaluable, and I don’t take it for granted."



Megan Wu

2019 Miss Chinese Chicago First PrincessBrittany Lau
2018 Miss Chinese Chicago Queen & Congeniality
2019 Miss Chinatown USA Community Service & Congeniality



"I have seen myself slowly grown into a woman I’d never imagine I’d become: a person who is confident in her own skin, voices out for what she is passionate about, and most importantly, an active female Chinese American community leader who is making a difference."Although it seemed like a small gesture, I was reminded that even though I felt alone at work, because of my ethnicity and gender, I was not alone in the fight for women’s empowerment. With her encouragement, and kindness from my pageant director, I reported the cases of sexual harassment to my manager. With the confidence I gained from this experience, I started to consider applying for a role at a company where would my abilities as a female Asian American engineer would be celebrated, not just tolerated."


Pamela Yuan

2019 Miss Chinese Chicago QueenAlly Moraga
2019 Asian Fashion Show Chicago Model

"I felt immensely supported by this community as well as by the coordinators of the event. They made sure to guide us towards success and make us feel confident and beautiful as Asian women. Not everyone gets the chance to be a model for a day. I am very thankful for the opportunity to participate in the 2019 Asian Fashion Show."Celina Xu

2019 Miss Chinese Chicago Congeniality & Crowd Favorite
2020 Miss Chinatown USA Congeniality"I have seen myself slowly grown into a woman I’d never imagine I’d become: a person who is confident in her own skin, voices out for what she is passionate about, and most importantly, an active female Chinese American community leader who is making a difference."











Jade Lun

2019 Miss Chinese Chicago Second Princess
2020 Miss Chinatown USA Third PrincessChicago Asian Women Empowerment

Chicago Asian Women Empowerment

sisterhood

We foster a supportive space where aapi women can empower each other

FEMALE VOICES"As a larger Asian American woman and married, I didn't see myself as a beauty pageant contestant. But Miss Chinese Chicago, now Miss Asian Chicago, is not a beauty pageant. It's an empowering experience that strengthens you in public speaking, poise, knowledge of Asian American issues, connection with Chicago Asian American community, and sisterhood."
Victoria Li

2022 Miss Chinese Chicago Second Princess & Talent"Pageantry taught me that sisterhood is about respecting each other, thinking about one another, and celebrating our wins together. Throughout this pageant journey, I’ve experienced many kindness from my pageant sisters. During this whole experience, the support was real."

Julie Zheng

2019 Miss Chinese Chicago Contestant
Read Julie's Medium Article"Before Miss Chinese Chicago (now Miss Asian Chicago) I’d never considered myself “pageant material.” In my head, “pageant girls” always wore lots of makeup and had to give their looks painstaking attention - something I have very little interest in. But with Miss Asian Chicago, I can come exactly as I am. Victoria and everyone else in the process - including my amazing pageant sisters - created a supportive space for me to be my messy self while I learned more about my values and polished my presentation skills. If you’re not interested in making more friends in the Asian community, if you’re not willing to go outside your comfort zone and learn, Miss Asian Chicago is not for you. But if you’re ready to grow and learn more about yourself, submitting that application is going to be a turning point in your life. That’s what this experience has been for me."
Natalie Chin

2022 Miss Chinese Chicago First Princess"I remember the day before the Miss Chinese Chicago pageant, and I was feeling insecure about being intimidating to the judges since I have such a strong work history for Chinatown. However, a pageant sister, Natalie Chin, came up and talked to me about reframing and reclaiming ownership of the word intimidating as a powerful woman. There were many instances of support these ladies provided throughout the pageant. I went on a double date, had nights out dancing, cried over the phone, sought and received affirmation and advice, and my emotional and physical safety was always prioritized. These instances were not only inspiring but absolutely healing for me. I hold these lessons and affection dear to my heart as I am now the 2022 Queen of Miss Chinese Chicago and will proceed in fulfilling my platform of racial healing in the greater Chinatown area."
Xiao Lin Mei

2022 Miss Chinese Chicago Queen & Crowd Favorite"MCC has taught me the importance of friendship, giving back, and supporting each other. Thank you to everyone for believing in me and supporting me here today! After MCC, I will continue my work of empowering and educating the next generation of future leaders."
Mia Hitterman
2022 Miss Chinese Chicago Contestant
2023 Miss Chinatown USA Community Service